Prepare v0.11.2 release (#1933)
spiffe/spire: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [0.11.2] - 2020-10-29

### What's New

>  - Added rate limiting to logging that occurs under certain misconfigurations (#1901)

Reviewer: minor nit on this message - the misconfiguration in this case is really a bug, and the messages are error messages, so it would be good to be specific about those two things. for example, one way we could write it is

```suggestion
 - Error messages related to a specific class of software bugs are now rate limited (#1901)
```

Author: i like that

### What's Changed

> - Fixed an issue in the Upstream Authority plugin that could result in stale data being used (#1917)

Reviewer: My personal preference for these kinds of changelog lines is to state things in terms of what the user would be experiencing if they were encountering this issue. That way, people can read the changelog and think "oh yea I remember seeing something like that". For example:
```suggestion
- Fixed an issue in the Upstream Authority plugin that could result in a delay in the propagation of bundle updates/changes (#1917)
```

Author: much better, thanks!
